
Home
Answer
Spaces
Notifications
3
Search Quora
Andre Teow
Feed
Central Intelligence Agency
Tesla (company)
Quantitative Finance
Tinder (app)
Dating Apps
Bernie Sanders
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex
United Nations
Psychology
Facebook (product)
Economics of Everyday Life
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs
Sessions
About · Careers · Terms · Privacy · Acceptable Use · Businesses
From Your Digest
How do CEOs tell people what they do for work without sounding boastful?
Josh Fechter
Josh Fechter, Author | Advisor | Entrepreneur
Answered Sep 10, 2018
I get up at 4 a.m.

Have a quick meal replacement shake.

I run a mile to the gym to get there before five.

Then I work out for two and a half hours.

I arrive at my office at 8 a.m.

Have breakfast -

Another shake or a chicken burrito.

Then I make a cup of Yerba Mate tea.

I start writing.

The goal is to publish one piece that I feel proud of every day.

It’s 9 a.m.

I check my schedule.

Sales calls.

Setting up flights.

I talk to my first prospect of the day - it goes well.

I prepare the requested proposal with case studies.

Hit send.

Then I shoot off ten to twenty follow-up emails to prospects who haven’t responded.

Next, I sit down with a few employees to put out any fires.

And to ensure we’re on track with happy clients.

Then I look at the event I’m hosting.

And speaking at.

Looks like I’m leaving for China tonight to speak at a startup incubator.

I see the event I’m hosting is three weeks away.

I put together a list of ideal attendees.

Mostly prospects.

Or, people who have the right network for customer referrals.

Then I email them.

LinkedIn message them.

Whatever it takes to have them attend the event.

It’s 2 p.m.

I brainstorm marketing ideas for a software product we’ve been working on.

It’s been nine months of development.

We’re a month away from launch.

I ask myself, “How will this product incorporate into the current company I have?”

I don’t know the right answer.

An hour is gone.

My eyelids are heavy.

So I grab a cup of coffee.

I’m headed to an off-site meeting with a local founder.

I’m always interested in deepening my community roots in the city.

I Uber twenty minutes over to see him.

We eat a late lunch.

45-minutes passes while I learn about his company.

I ask to reconnect soon in the future.

And head back to the office.

My brain is shutting off for the day.

So I do something fun.

I play around with a couple of new software tools.

Run a few tests with them.

If any new marketing ideas spark, I post them online in our Facebook Group for startup founders.

It’s 6 p.m.

My flight leaves at 9 p.m.

I have time for one last meeting.

I talk to my co-founder and CFO to get a better understanding of the overall health of the company. Thirty minutes goes by in a flash.

I order another Uber to LAX airport.

I barely make it through security keeping my eyes open.

I’m nervous because I don’t speak any Chinese.

It’s my first time there.

I get on the plane.

Take a nap.

Wake up fourteen hours later in China.

I’m fortunate to have the opportunity to build my dream.

I’ve realized opportunity looks a lot like hard work.

It makes it hard to boast.

It reminds me -

Those who get jealous want the result of having a company.

But they don’t want the job description.


50.2k views · View Upvoters · View Sharers
David S. Rose
David S. Rose, Entrepreneur & angel investor. Author, Angel Investing and The Startup Checklist
Ye Gods! That sounds a lot like my day…except without the “getting up at 4:00 am, working out and...
2 more comments from Mohamed Semeunacte, Khuong Ho
More from your Digest
Sponsored by Twilio
Build a WhatsApp chatbot with Python, Flask and Twilio.
Twilio

Sponsored
Build a chatbot for WhatsApp using the Twilio API and the Flask framework for Python. Get the code here!
Learn More
Andre TeowAndre Teow
What is your question or link?
Answer · 
Google (company)
I recently joined a position at Facebook. Within a week I got an offer from Google after joining, and the pay at Facebook is far better. What should I do?
Shivansh Chaudhary
Shivansh Chaudhary, Senior Product Manager at Amazon
Answered 21h ago · Upvoted by Piaw Na, worked at Google
Politely decline the offer at Google and give them your reasons - 1) you’ve already accepted an offer from Facebook and 2) the salary at Facebook is better than Google.Also, let your manager at Fac...(more)
